0
Prelude: Welcome to Hemlock Vale!
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: The First Day,
Day of Rest, Residents, and The Vale. These sets are indicated by the
following icons:

1
Written In Rock
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: Written in Rock,
Horrors in the Rock, Refractions, Chilling Cold, and Ghouls. These sets
are indicated by the following icons:

123,residents

2
Scenario: Hemlock House
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: Hemlock House,
Agents of the Colour, Blight, Fire!, Transfiguration, Locked Doors, and
Rats. These sets are indicated by the following icons:

123,residents

3
Scenario: The Silent Heath
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: The Silent
Heath, Agents of the Colour, Blight, Horrors in the Rock, Refractions,
Transfiguration, and Striking Fear. These sets are indicated by the
following icons:

123,residents

4
Scenario: The Lost Sister
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: The Lost Sister,
Blight, Horrors in the Rock, Mutations, and Myconids. These sets are
indicated by the following icons

5
Scenario: The Thing in the Depths
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: The Thing
in the Depths, Blight, The Forest, and Mutations. These sets are
indicated by the following icons:

6
Scenario: The Twisted Hollow
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: The First Day, The
Twisted Hollow, The Forest, and Myconids. These sets are indicated by
the following icons

7
Prelude: Dawn of the Second Day
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: The Second Day,
Day of Rain, Residents, and The Vale. These sets are indicated by the
following icons:

8
Prelude: The Second Evening
Hierlooms

Scenario: The Longest Night
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: The Second Day,
The Longest Night, Blight, Transfiguration, Fire!, Chilling Cold, The
Midnight Masks, and Striking Fear. These sets are indicated by the
following icons:

Prelude: Dawn of the Final Day
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: The Final Day, Day
of the Feast, Agents of the Colour, Residents, and The Vale. These sets are
indicated by the following icons:

Prelude: The Final Evening
Gather all cards from the following encounter sets: The Final Day, Day
of the Feast, Residents, and The Vale. These sets are indicated by the
following icons:

Scenario: Fate of the Vale


Horrors in the Rock
Refractions
Agents of the Colour
Blight
Fire!
Transfiguration
Mutations
Myconids
The Forest
